docs(gen): docs content review (#1991)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-network/rpn/how-to/configure-rpnv1-gateway.mdx

If you have services that are available only on the RPNv1 (RPN SAN, server not compatible with RPNv2 etc), you can add a compatibility layer through your console.

<Message type="important">

>   This feature does currently not work with the RPN VPN and could cause troubles on your whole RPN Group if you add it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This feature does currently not work with the RPN VPN and could cause problems across your whole RPN Group if you add it.
```
